[Music]
hi welcome back to another video today's
video I'm gonna go through some really
quick and easy breakfast meal ideas
whilst we're all in quarantine isolation
was brought home I don't about you but I
am always thinking about like when to
the next meal and I think the more you
can book on each meal the better and the
fuller that you stay for a longer moment
I've been open in my fridge every five
minutes and it looks exactly the same
and all of these are like high-protein
healthy and our popped macros and
everything on the screen as I usually do
these are some of my like goatees and
most importantly they actually taste
absolutely amazing so I'll get right
into it if you could like this video
I've really appreciate it really helps
and supports my channel or birth
breakfast meal and I'm going to take you
through is some cottage cheese and oats
pancakes you already thinking like why
don't you have got to choosing packets
but oh my god they're so nice and fluffy
but I couldn't just end it like meal
like repeating I just don't mean the
same thing over time so just making like
little swaps just change the taste a bit
and like the texture and consistency
perfect all you're gonna need is some
oats three eggs so I'm using two egg
whites and one whole egg some low-fat
cottage cheese for just use like normal
cottage cheese and just some ground
cinnamon super simple just pop it in a
blender
and that's it really so I'm measuring
that 90 grams of cottage cheese I do
find the more the better at this Ivo
repentance so much Martha and 40 grams
of oats I find it best just to measure
things out using my little scales and
then I'm just putting in a whole egg and
two egg whites you could just do two
whole eggs if you prefer just a bit of a
sprinkle of cinnamon and then I'm just
whizzing that all up in the blender just
to mention make sure you put like your
cottage cheese in first of the oats to
end up getting stuck in the bottom of
the blender absolutely love anything
that I've can blend it's just so quick
and easy and I just pour the mixture
into this so it's easier to pop I like
to put pour into the pan there's always
quite a lot of leftover next
in the actual tug being run which is
great and just make you've got it only
like a relatively low heat I was finding
not overdoing pancakes really helps with
like keeping them fluffy and soft this
is my favorite part but I like it so
it's satisfying creasing a big stack is
a very good little stack going on there
how cute that this is before the topping
so for my toppings I'm going for some
blueberries sugar free golden syrup and
powdered peanut butter can it move this
powdered peanut butter at the moment
it's so quick and just add like a tiny
bit of water and you can't have pancakes
without syrup this is like sugar-free
and tastes really good from my protein
combined with the pilot peanut butter
like absolute favorite the moming-room
and then just pop in it some blueberries
on top and counted I've been really
liking this own chocolate mint sauce I
found quite recently too so here is a
finished breakfast really quick and easy
and fab macros
so my next recipe is just a really
simple and effective omelet with a bagel
on the side really underrated I
absolutely love omelets especially like
when you get them cooked right so for
this all you're gonna need is four eggs
so I'm using three egg whites and one
whole egg and then the things that are
quite important for this so I'm using
some black pepper some garlic garlic and
egg is so good if you haven't already
discovered and just some light chili
flake these top seeded ones so I'm gonna
pop sin opposing it to total so it's
some spinach to go on the top olive oil
he says one thing I would struggle to
live without is probably eggs like it's
just so easy to do them and I have a new
roof and look for omelets at the moment
just super satisfying and they're so
quick and easy and just I love anything
that is just like a one pan kind of
ditch so yeah it just mix all that up
and pop it in the pan make sure you put
some light oil and then just cook it on
a low heat and I like to just fold it in
half I definitely couldn't just haven't
omelet on its own I love having it with
a bagel and Tomas ketchup and I find it
quite a filling meal and it's a really
good meal whilst I'm gonna cook
so on to the next recipe which is one of
my all-time favorite and is a chocolate
like protein oh it's really really tasty
and feeling it's like competent as well
porridge oats I like using that thicker
ones and some protein powder
I'm using the cookies and cream flavor
then some cacao nibs for my toppings
cacao powder you could use that hot
chocolate powder too and then I'm using
some vanilla zero calories zero sugar
pour these are just my toppings but just
you know choose whatever you prefer
blueberries and almond milk so I'm just
measuring out 50 grams or oats I hope
it's my absolute go to it the minute I
put I honestly just have it like
breakfast lunch and dinner and no
problems because you can just get so
creative like overnight fridge oats you
can help them cook like there's
chocolates see yeah I'm just really in
140 grams of almond milk but you could
use any milk that you prefer or that
you've got in the fridge and popping it
in the microwave I always cook my oats
in like own and microwavable Bowl or
like to whatever just because when it's
in a ceramic one it just over cooks and
stuff and I always go under up this in
like my what a in the day video I just
pop that into like a normal bowl and add
my protein and then only using the
cookies and cream flavor I would say
flavor is everything when it comes to
oats and I do you go to your phases like
I was living the cinnamon Danish one
quite now I'm in the cookies and cream
mode and I'm using 30 grams of for a
real hack when it comes to mastering
oats I think it's just cooking and
putting your extras in after the oats
themselves were actually cooked as
whenever you do it before it just goes
really weird in your mind add a few
drops of this it's quite strong so I
always add like my protein and my flavor
dropped and the cacao powder like when
it's the oats clips and then just mix it
all in
[Music]
so I'm adding some chia seeds these are
really high in omega-3 fatty acids and
she's popping some blue being taught
these a really good antioxidant food as
well and also some cacao nibs you can
all see that milk chocolate ones they
are quite bitter those I could get
enough of dark chocolate kind of taste
[Music]
so yeah but I suppose this tastes
absolutely gorgeous I really really like
my oats just love how you can just mix
it for whatever like you're fancy but
that brings us to the end of this video
I really hope you enjoyed it and I hope
you've got some useful helpful recipes
especially with this time we're all
stuck in our houses and wanting to eat
yummy but healthy love to see your
recreations if you do try any of these
recipes so make sure you tag me over on
Instagram let me know what other videos
you'd like to see next and I'll see you
guys in the next video